Artifacts

Artifact Item Name	Category	Properties	Price
The Blade of the Sith Lord	Weapon (Lightclub)	You gain a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this weapon. When you hit a creature with this weapon, you can choose to deal an 1 extra 3d6 necrotic damage. The wielder has advantage on Charisma (Intimidation) checks. While attuned, the wielder gains 20 temporary hit points at the start of each of their turns.	120,000 credits
Holocron of Ancient Knowledge	Wondrous Item	Contains vast amounts of ancient Sith or Jedi knowledge (DM's choice). Once per long rest, the user can spend 1 hour studying the holocron to gain proficiency in one skill or tool of their choice for 24 hours, or gain advantage on one Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma check they make within the next hour.	90,000 credits
The Heart of the Guardian	Wondrous Item	While holding this crystalline heart, you gain a +3 bonus to AC and all saving throws. Once per day, as a reaction when you take damage, you can halve the damage. Additionally, you are immune to being frightened.	110,000 credits
Gauntlets of Crushing Power	Wondrous Item	Your unarmed strikes deal 3d10 kinetic damage. You have advantage on Strength (Athletics) checks made to grapple or shove a creature. Once per short or long rest, you can use an action to unleash a concussive blast in a 15-foot cone, dealing 6d8 kinetic damage to creatures in the area (DC 17 Strength saving throw for half damage).	85,000 credits
The Shadow Cloak	Wondrous Item	While wearing this cloak, you have advantage on Dexterity (Stealth) checks. As an action, you can become invisible for up to 1 minute. This invisibility ends if you attack or cast a power. Once used, this property can't be used again until the next dawn.	75,000 credits
Amulet of Force Mastery	Wondrous Item	You gain 3 additional force points. Your force save DC increases by 2. Once per long rest, when you use a force power that has a casting time of 1 action, you can cast it as a bonus action.	100,000 credits
The Droid Brain of Yore	Wondrous Item	This ancient droid brain can be installed into a droid chassis or interface with a computer system. It grants the user advantage on Intelligence (Technology) and Wisdom (Perception) checks related to technology. Once per day, it can analyze a device or system and reveal its weaknesses or hidden functions.	60,000 credits
Boots of Blazing Speed	Wondrous Item	Your walking speed increases by 30 feet. You have advantage on Dexterity saving throws made against effects that would reduce your speed or cause you to be restrained. As a bonus action, you can move up to your walking speed without provoking opportunity attacks.	70,000 credits
The Mask of Whispers	Wondrous Item	While wearing this mask, you can cast the mind probe force power at will, without expending force points. However, the target has advantage on their saving throw against this power. You also have advantage on Wisdom (Insight) checks made to discern a creature's true intentions.	80,000 credits
The Living Crystal Shard	Wondrous Item	This pulsating crystal can be held or integrated into a lightclub. While holding it, you regain 1d4 hit points at the start of each of your turns. If integrated into a lightclub, the weapon deals an extra 1d6 energy damage on a hit and has the light property.	95,000 credits

Export to Sheets
Legendary Items

Legendary Item Name	Category	Properties	Price
The Lightsaber of Prophecy	Weapon (Lightsaber)	You gain a +2 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this weapon. Once per long rest, when you make an attack roll with disadvantage, you can choose to roll a third time and take the highest of the three rolls. The blade glows faintly when danger is near.	50,000 credits
Data Pad of Untold Secrets	Wondrous Item	Contains a vast library of information on a specific subject (DM's choice, e.g., hyperspace routes, ancient civilizations, rare creatures). Once per long rest, you can spend 10 minutes studying the data pad to gain advantage on one Intelligence (History, Investigation, or Technology) check related to its subject matter.	40,000 credits
The Battle Harness of the Veteran	Armor (Medium)	While wearing this armor, you gain a +2 bonus to AC. You have advantage on saving throws against being stunned or paralyzed. Once per short or long rest, when you are hit by an attack, you can use your reaction to gain temporary hit points equal to your level + your proficiency bonus.	45,000 credits
Wrist Launcher of Precision	Wondrous Item	This wrist-mounted device can fire specialized projectiles. It holds up to 3 charges. As an action, you can expend a charge to fire a guided dart that has advantage on its attack roll and deals 2d8 piercing damage. It regains 1d3 expended charges at dawn.	35,000 credits
Cloak of Shadowed Movement	Wondrous Item	While wearing this cloak, your speed is increased by 10 feet. You have advantage on Dexterity (Stealth) checks made while moving. Creatures have disadvantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks made to find you if you are lightly obscured.	38,000 credits
Focusing Crystal of the Adept	Wondrous Item	You gain 2 additional force points. Once per short or long rest, when you deal damage with a force power, you can choose one creature you damaged to have disadvantage on the next saving throw it makes against a force power you use before the end of your next turn.	42,000 credits
Droid Interface Gauntlet	Wondrous Item	This specialized gauntlet allows for seamless interaction with droids and computer systems. You have advantage on Intelligence (Technology) checks made to interface with, repair, or control droids. Once per long rest, you can attempt to take control of a hostile droid (of CR 2 or lower) for 1 minute (DC 15 Intelligence (Technology) saving throw).	32,000 credits
Boots of Grounded Resolve	Wondrous Item	You have advantage on Strength and Constitution saving throws against effects that would move you against your will or knock you prone. You ignore difficult terrain.	39,000 credits
The Visor of Keen Sight	Wondrous Item	While wearing this visor, you have advantage on Wisdom (Perception) and Intelligence (Investigation) checks that rely on sight. You have darkvision out to a range 1 of 60 feet, or your darkvision range is increased by 30 feet.	37,000 credits
Energy Cell of Limitless Power	Wondrous Item	This perpetually charged energy cell can power devices that require energy cells. When used to power a weapon that consumes energy cells, the weapon's damage die increases by one size (e.g., a blaster pistol's 1d6 becomes 1d8). This effect lasts as long as the weapon is powered by this cell.	48,000 credits
The Force Pike of Command	Weapon (Force Pike)	You gain a +2 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this weapon. Once per short or long rest, when you hit a creature with this weapon, you can choose to expend 1 force point to attempt to charm the target (as per the charm person force power, save DC 15 Wisdom).	41,000 credits
The Journal of a Master Strategist	Wondrous Item	Contains detailed battle plans, tactical theories, and historical military campaigns. Once per long rest, you can spend 10 minutes studying the journal to gain advantage on one Intelligence (Strategy) check or grant advantage to three allies on their next attack roll or saving throw made before the end of their next turn.	36,000 credits
The Stealth Suit of the Night Stalker	Armor (Light)	While wearing this armor, you have advantage on Dexterity (Stealth) checks made in dim light or darkness. You can take the Hide action as a bonus action on your turn. While you are hidden, creatures have disadvantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks made to find you.	43,000 credits
The Targeting Scope of Unfailing Aim	Wondrous Item	This scope can be attached to a ranged weapon. While looking through it, you ignore the loading property of the weapon (if it has it), and you do not have disadvantage on ranged attack rolls made against a target beyond normal range.	33,000 credits
The Mantle of Force Resilience	Wondrous Item	You have advantage on saving throws against force powers. Once per day, when you take damage from a force power, you can use your reaction to reduce the damage by an amount equal to your level + your proficiency bonus.	46,000 credits
The Communicator of Far Speech	Wondrous Item	This advanced communicator has an exceptionally long range, capable of reaching across planetary systems with a clear signal. It can store up to ten secure channels. Once per day, you can attempt to send a brief (25 words or less) message to a known individual across vast distances with a 90% chance of successful transmission (DM's discretion).	49,000 credits
The Toolkit of the Master Technician	Wondrous Item	This set of highly specialized tools grants you advantage on Intelligence (Technology) checks made to repair, modify, or build droids and other technological devices. You can also attempt to disable traps and complex security systems with advantage on the check.	34,000 credits
The Boots of Agile Evasion	Wondrous Item	When you are subjected to an effect that allows you to make a Dexterity saving throw to take only half damage, you instead take no damage if you succeed on the saving throw, and only half damage if you fail. 1 Your jump distance is doubled.	47,000 credits
The Sensor Array of Wide Detection	Wondrous Item	This portable sensor array grants you advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks related to detecting hidden creatures, objects, or traps within a 60-foot radius. You can also use an action to scan a 30-foot radius, automatically detecting any creatures or objects that aren't behind total cover.	31,000 credits
The Medpack of Rapid Recovery	Wondrous Item	This advanced medpack contains potent healing agents. It has 5 charges. As an action, you can expend a charge to heal one creature you can touch for 4d8 + 4 hit points. The medpack regains 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn.	44,000 credits

Export to Sheets
Rare Items

Rare Item Name	Category	Properties	Price
The Balanced Hilt	Weapon (Lightsaber Attachment)	When attached to a lightsaber, the wielder gains a +1 bonus to attack rolls made with the weapon. Additionally, the wielder can reroll a 1 or 2 on a damage die from the lightsaber, but must use the new roll.	20,000 credits
Encrypted Data Chip	Wondrous Item	Contains valuable information on a specific topic (DM's choice, e.g., local criminal underworld, planetary defenses, rare materials). Requires a successful DC 14 Intelligence (Technology) check to decrypt. Upon decryption, grants advantage on related checks or provides useful knowledge.	15,000 credits
Reinforced Combat Vest	Armor (Light)	While wearing this armor, you gain a +1 bonus to AC. You have advantage on saving throws against being knocked prone.	18,000 credits
Shock Grenade Launcher (Wrist)	Wondrous Item	This wrist-mounted device can fire shock grenades. It holds up to 2 charges. As an action, you can expend a charge to launch a grenade that explodes in a 10-foot radius sphere centered on a point you choose within 60 feet. Creatures in the area must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw or take 2d8 energy damage and be stunned until the end of their next turn. Regains 1 expended charge at dawn.	22,000 credits
Stealth Field Generator (Personal)	Wondrous Item	As an action, you can activate this device to become invisible until the end of your next turn. During this time, you have advantage on Dexterity (Stealth) checks. Once used, this property can't be used again until after a short or long rest.	25,000 credits
Force Dampening Bracers	Wondrous Item	While wearing these bracers, you have advantage on saving throws against force powers that would inflict the restrained or incapacitated conditions on you.	21,000 credits
Droid Diagnostic Scanner	Wondrous Item	You have advantage on Intelligence (Technology) checks made to diagnose problems with droids. As an action, you can scan a droid and learn its current hit points, any malfunctions it is experiencing, and its basic programming.	19,000 credits
Grav-Boots (Limited Use)	Wondrous Item	These boots contain a limited charge of anti-gravity technology. They have 3 charges. As a bonus action, you can expend a charge to gain a fly speed of 30 feet until the end of your turn. They regain 1d3 expended charges after a long rest.	23,000 credits
Enhanced Optics Implant	Wondrous Item (Cybernetic)	Grants you darkvision out to a range of 60 feet if you don't already have it, or increases your existing darkvision range by 30 feet. You also gain advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on sight in dim light.	24,000 credits
Regenerative Bacta Patch	Wondrous Item (Consumable)	As an action, you can apply this patch to yourself or another creature. The creature regains 2d8 + 2 hit points at the start of each of their turns for the next minute.	17,000 credits
The Resonant Crystal	Wondrous Item (Lightsaber Crystal)	When installed in a lightsaber, this crystal causes the blade to hum with a subtle energy. Once per short or long rest, when you hit a creature with the lightsaber, you can choose to deal an extra 1d6 sonic damage.	26,000 credits
Security Bypass Module	Wondrous Item	Grants you advantage on Intelligence (Technology) checks made to bypass electronic locks and security systems of moderate complexity (DC 15 or lower).	16,000 credits
Armored Flight Suit	Armor (Light)	While wearing this armor, you gain a +1 bonus to AC. You have advantage on Strength (Athletics) checks made to resist being moved against your will while airborne.	27,000 credits
Concussion Rifle (Modified)	Weapon (Rifle)	This modified concussion rifle deals 2d10 kinetic damage on a hit. Once per short or long rest, when you hit a creature with this weapon, you can choose to attempt to knock it prone (DC 14 Strength saving throw).	29,000 credits
Personal Energy Shield (Wrist)	Wondrous Item	As a reaction when you would take damage, you can activate this device to gain temporary hit points equal to 1d10 + your level. These temporary hit points last until the start of your next turn. Once used, this property can't be used again until after a short or long rest.	30,000 credits
Force Focus Gauntlet	Wondrous Item	You gain 1 additional force point. When making a force attack roll, you can reroll one of the dice, provided the result isn't a 20. You must use the new roll.	28,000 credits
Droid Motivator Unit	Wondrous Item	When installed in a droid, this unit grants the droid advantage on one type of saving throw of your choice. This choice can be changed after a long rest.	22,500 credits
Environmental Filter Mask	Wondrous Item	While wearing this mask, you have advantage on saving throws against harmful gases and airborne toxins. You can also breathe normally in environments with thin or polluted air.	21,500 credits
Holographic Camouflage Device	Wondrous Item	As an action, you can activate this device to change your appearance as if using the disguise self force power. The disguise lasts for 1 hour or until you dismiss it. Once used, this property can't be used again until after a short or long rest.	23,500 credits
Sonic Detonator (Limited)	Wondrous Item (Consumable)	As an action, you can throw this device up to 60 feet. It detonates at the end of your turn, creating a deafening blast in a 20-foot radius sphere. Creatures in the area must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw or take 3d6 sonic damage and be deafened for 1 minute.	25,500 credits
The Serrated Edge Emitter	Weapon (Lightsaber Attachment)	When attached to a lightsaber, the first time you hit a creature with the weapon on each of your turns, that creature takes an extra 1d4 kinetic damage.	24,500 credits