Detonator	At-will	1 action	30 feet	-	Instantaneous	As part of the action used to cast this power, you must make a ranged tech attack against one object within range, otherwise the power fails. On a hit, the object detonates in a 5-foot radius sphere centered on it. Each creature in that area must make a Dexterity saving throw. A creature takes 1d6 kinetic damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. This power's damage increases by 1d6 when you reach 5th level (2d6), 11th level (3d6), and 17th level (4d6).
Dismantle	At-will	1 action	Touch	-	Instantaneous	You touch a construct or unenhanced object that is Medium or smaller and that isn't being worn or carried. Disassembling it requires a successful Intelligence (Technology) check against a DC equal to 10 + the object's Hit Dice. On a success, you reduce the object to its component parts, which can be reused to create similar objects with a successful Intelligence (Technology) check.
Itemize	At-will	1 action	Touch	-	Instantaneous	You touch one unenhanced object that is Medium or smaller and that isn't being worn or carried. You learn its function, its materials, and how it works.
Production Values	At-will	1 action	30 feet	-	Up to 1 minute	Concentration
Stinger	At-will	1 action	60 feet	-	Instantaneous	As part of the action used to cast this power, you must make a ranged tech attack against one creature within range, otherwise the power fails. On a hit, the target takes 1d4 ion damage. This power's damage increases by 1d4 when you reach 5th level (2d4), 11th level (3d4), and 17th level (4d4).
Tri-Shot	At-will	1 action	Varies	-	Instantaneous	As part of the action used to cast this power, you must make a ranged weapon attack against one creature within your weapon's range, otherwise the power fails. On a hit, the target suffers the attack's normal effects, and you can make two additional ranged weapon attacks with the same weapon against the same target or different targets within 30 feet of the original target. You don't add your ability modifier to the damage of these additional attacks.
Warp Strike	At-will	1 action	Varies	-	Instantaneous	As part of the action used to cast this power, you must make a melee weapon attack against one creature within your reach, otherwise the power fails. On a hit, the target suffers the attack's normal effects, and you can teleport up to 10 feet to an unoccupied space that you can see.
Adrenaline	1	1 reaction, which you take when a creature within range that you can see would roll initiative	30 feet	-	Instantaneous	You target one creature within range. That creature gains advantage on its initiative roll.
Aid Droid	1	1 bonus action	60 feet	-	Instantaneous	You target one friendly construct within range. It regains hit points equal to 1d8 + your techcasting ability modifier.
Barrage	1	1 action	120 feet	-	Instantaneous	You launch a volley of small projectiles in a 10-foot-wide, 60-foot-long line from you. Each creature in that line must make a Dexterity saving throw. A creature takes 3d6 kinetic damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
Cryogenic Blow	1	1 action	Varies	-	Instantaneous	As part of the action used to cast this power, you must make a melee weapon attack against one creature within your reach, otherwise the power fails. On a hit, the target suffers the attack's normal effects, and it must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or its speed is reduced by 10 feet until the end of its next turn.
Delayed Detonator	1	1 action	Touch	-	Until dispelled	You touch one unenhanced object. The object becomes a delayed explosive. You decide what triggers the explosion, which can be a specific word or phrase, a specific time, or physical contact. The object then explodes in a 10-foot radius sphere centered on it. Each creature in that area must make a Dexterity saving throw. A creature takes 2d8 energy damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
Fabricate Minor Trap	1	10 minutes	Touch	-	Permanent	You touch a nonmagical object, and it becomes a trap. Choose a trigger, such as touching the object or stepping on a particular spot. The trap creates one of the following effects of your choice: Releases a burst of air that can push a creature up to 5 feet away. Creates a loud noise, such as a shout, a thunderclap, or the ringing of a bell, that is audible from as far as 100 feet away. Releases a puff of nonlethal gas that fills a 10-foot cube. Creatures in the area must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or cough and be unable to speak for 1 minute. Until triggered, the trap is indistinguishable from other objects of its kind. A direct hit deals 1d4 kinetic damage.
Jump	1	1 bonus action	Self	-	1 minute	Until the power ends, your jump distance is tripled.
Jump Jet	1	1 bonus action	Self	-	Up to 1 minute	Concentration
Time Bomb	1	1 action	30 feet	-	Up to 1 minute	Concentration
Alter Self	2	1 action	Self	-	Up to 1 hour	Concentration
Burst of Flame	2	1 action	Self (30-foot line)	-	Instantaneous	A line of searing flame 30 feet long and 5 feet wide erupts from you in a direction you choose. Each creature in the line must make a Dexterity saving throw. A creature takes 3d6 fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
Construct Droid	2	1 action	60 feet	-	Up to 1 hour	Concentration
Greater Energy Shield	2	1 action	Self	Up to 10 minutes	Concentration	An invisible barrier of energy appears and protects you. Until the power ends, you have a +4 bonus to AC.
Irradiate	2	1 action	30 feet	-	Instantaneous	A wave of radiation emanates from you in a 15-foot radius sphere centered on you. Each creature in that area must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, a creature takes 2d8 ion damage and is poisoned until the end of its next turn. On a successful save, a creature takes half as much damage and isn't poisoned.
Jump Pad	2	1 action	30 feet	-	24 hours	You create a temporary jump pad on a surface within range that is large enough to accommodate it. Any creature that steps onto the jump pad can use its reaction to jump up to 60 feet to an unoccupied space it can see. The jump pad disappears after 24 hours.
Lesser Mislead	2	1 action	Self	Up to 1 minute	Concentration	You become invisible at the same time that an illusory double of you appears where you are standing. The double lasts for the duration, moving as you direct it, and it is under your control. You can see through its eyes and hear through its ears as if you were located where it is. On each of your turns as a bonus action, you can switch from using its senses to using your own, or back again. While you are invisible, you can still be heard. The power ends if you take any action other than a bonus action.
Spectrum Discharge	2	1 action	Self (15-foot cone)	-	Instantaneous	You unleash a blast of chaotic energy in a 15-foot cone. Each creature in that area must make a Dexterity saving throw. A creature takes 2d8 energy damage of a type you choose (acid, cold, fire, ion, kinetic, lightning, or sonic) on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
Transposition	2	1 action	30 feet	-	Instantaneous	You and one willing creature you can see within range instantly switch places.
Tune-Up	2	10 minutes	Touch	-	Instantaneous	You touch one construct that has taken damage. The construct regains a number of hit points equal to 2d8 + your techcasting ability modifier.
Wire Tow	2	1 action	60 feet	-	Instantaneous	You fire a specialized grappling wire at a Large or smaller object or creature within range. Make a ranged tech attack against the target. On a hit, you can choose to either pull the target up to 30 feet toward you or pull yourself up to 30 feet toward the target.
Fabricate	4	10 minutes	30 feet	-	Instantaneous	You convert raw materials into products of the same material. You must make an Intelligence (Technology) check using the appropriate implements for the thing you are trying to create. The DC depends on the complexity of the item. You can create one or more objects as part of this power, provided that their total bulk doesn't exceed 10 (or 100 if you spend 4 additional tech points). The total time to create the objects can't exceed 10 minutes.
Skill Protocol	5	1 action	Touch	-	1 hour	You touch one willing creature. Choose one skill in which you are proficient. The target gains proficiency in that skill for the duration.
Carbon Fog	6	1 action	120 feet	-	Up to 1 minute	Concentration
Carbonite	6	1 action	60 feet	-	Up to 1 minute	Concentration
Disassemble	7	1 action	60 feet	-	Instantaneous	You target one construct or piece of unenhanced technology you can see within range. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or take 10d6 ion damage. If the target is an object that isn't being worn or carried, it is instantly reduced to its component parts.
Squad Shield	7	1 action	30 feet	-	Up to 1 minute	Concentration
Black Hole	8	1 action	60 feet	-	Instantaneous	You create a miniature black hole at a point you can see within range. Each creature within a 30-foot radius of that point must make a Strength saving throw. On a failed save, a creature takes 8d10 kinetic damage and is pulled 20 feet toward the center of the black hole. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't pulled. The black hole then collapses.
Harmonic Dissolution	8	1 action	60 feet	-	Instantaneous	You unleash a wave of disruptive sonic energy. Each construct and unenhanced object within a 30-foot radius sphere centered on a point you can see within range takes 12d8 sonic damage.
Ionic Explosion	8	1 action	150 feet	-	Instantaneous	You create a massive burst of ion energy at a point you can see within range. Each creature within a 40-foot radius sphere centered on that point must make a Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, a creature takes 10d10 ion damage and is stunned until the end of its next turn. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't stunned.
Pandemic	8	1 action	60 feet	-	Instantaneous	You unleash a virulent technological plague. Choose one creature you can see within range. That creature must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, it takes 6d8 necrotic damage and is poisoned. At the end of each of the poisoned creature's turns, it must make another Constitution saving throw. On a success, the poisoning ends. On a failure, the creature takes another 6d8 necrotic damage. If the creature fails three of these saving throws, it dies. A creature that succeeds on three of these saving throws recovers from the plague.
Restrictive Program	8	1 action	60 feet	-	Up to 1 minute	Concentration
Superior Pheromones	8	1 action	60 feet	-	Up to 1 hour	Concentration
Voltaic Electromesh	8	1 action	90 feet	-	Up to 1 minute	Concentration
Carbonite Explosion	9	1 action	250 feet	-	Instantaneous	You target a creature encased in carbonite within range. The carbonite violently explodes. The encased creature takes 12d10 kinetic damage, and each other creature within 30 feet of the carbonite must make a Dexterity saving throw, taking 6d10 kinetic damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.

Export to Sheets
